{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18680\viewh13380\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 										Memory Games - An Android App\
\
Description: 
\b0 \
The app is a game to make memory sharper. The user is shown a sentence English and she/he has to type it once the text disappears. An internal time tracks the amount of time the user took to type out the sentence. The app matched the sentence to the original text for correctness. It will have two activities and an internal intent to move form one activity to another and an external intent to take the user to web articles to make brain sharper.\
\

\b Structure  and functionality of the app: 
\b0 \
When the user opens the app, the home page contains a radio group where the user has to select the level of difficulty. Once that is selected, the use can hit Done to display the text that she/he has to remember and type out later. Once the user is ready to type the text, she/he can hit start and type the text as correctly as he remembers. Once its done, the user can hit submit. This will take them to the next activity where they will be shown the result. They can reset the game by hitting the button Go again on this activity. \
 At the bottom of this activity there will be google links which the user can access to read articles on how to train their brain to increase memory retention. \
\
\
\

\b Common functionality:
\b0 \
1. As the user progresses further, the previous widgets keep disappearing form the screen.  \
\

\b Content of the app:\

\b0 The content of the app is provided in the code or fetched from internet via coded links. There are no formulas used.\
\

\b Roadblocks at this moment:
\b0 \
1. I am struggling with auto layout of the app. \
2. Not yet started to implement the internal timer. \
\
\
\
}