{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15140\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Description: The app is a task tracker for repeating activities. It will have multiple views which are linked to each other.\
\
Structure of the app: the home view page will have a table view with the tasks listed. At the bottom right corner of the view, there will be a. Button for adding new tasks. This button will take the user to a a new view. This new view will have multiple text files and bicker views to configure the new task. Once the user hits save on this view, it will take the user to the home view and the information that was entered in the edit page, will pop up in a new column of a table view. \
\
The task list page: This view is the home page, the opening  page when the user opens the app. \
	It will have a table view wilt the different tasks listed down. Each row will have the name of the task, the date it was created  and when 	the user wants to repeat it. \
	It will have a add new content button \
\
The edit page view: This view will have multiple picker view and text files and a button for saving  the information. \
	The goal name is a text field\
	The date is also a text field\
	The description will be a text view to enable use to write multilines of description\
	The repeat will be a picker view with options of : Daily, once a week, once a month. \
	The reminder will also be a picker view with the options : 10 mints before, 30 mints before, 60 mints before\
	The save button will take the use to the main view page. \
\
\
Audience: Anyone can use the app. It can be used to one time activities as well. But it is aimed to be more impactful for repeating activities. \
\
Similar apps: there are multiple apps that are task schedulers. In this class, I am only aiming to make half the functionality that I indent the app to have. I wanted it to have another view which pops up a calendar. The user will be able to tap on the calendar and edit on it. This is something I have not seen any app having in the App Store.  I will try my best to complete the calendar feature as well. But first, I will try to get the home page  view and the add new task view to work together. \
\
Content of the app: All the content of the app will be provided but the user. There are no formulas used.\
\
\
\
}